README.md, before:

# HTML-CSS-JS-snippets
### *actual-potential* - 2 option lists: one of choosen options - actual, another - to choose from - potential. 
### *details* - hamburger menu using <details> tag (modified code of Jason Zimdars in comments to [Three CSS Alternatives to JavaScript Navigation](https://css-tricks.com/three-css-alternatives-to-javascript-navigation/)
### *dynamic-list* - programmatically filled list with per-row buttons removing those rows. 
#### Possible applicaton - TODO-list, shooping list etc.
### *grab-rest* - how to make one of elements in the row to take all width remained in it
#### Possible application - label and/or button of fixed width and text input on the rest of the line
### *hlit-elem* - how to extract actual style value and change it programmatically on click
#### Possible application - single-click/tap highlight
### *lib* - an attempt to create microlibrary delivering via jsdelivr
#### I could not find how frequently jsdelivr refreshes...
### *open-close* - a tree-like structure with collapsible branches
#### A lot of application, e.g. hiding/showing part of text, hierarhical menus and controls
### *select-with-color-swatch* - similar to open-close, but behaving like \<select\>. Has color swatches in each option.
#### I need something like this in timelogger
### *select-with-groups* - programmatically filled select with option groups and code extracting option properties on option selection
#### Possible application - a self-contained list with additional information (data snapshot together with UI displaying this data).
### *speechSynthesis-how-many-instances* - Does iframe have separate instance of speechSynthesis? My check shows that yes.
#### You cannot compare 2 instances with a piece of code, but if you know that page instance has non-null onvoiceschanged member, you can check if this holds for iframe instance. It doesn't - so iframe has separate speechSynthesis instance. **Checked with Firefox, Edge and Chrome**
#### Possible application: suppose you have 2 utterances:  "A" - rather long one and "B" - a short one (selected by user while speaking A). You need to pause A, speak B and then resume A. It is impossible with one speechSynthesis instance because *speaking* and *paused* are speechSynthesis' rather than utterance's properties.

Commit message:

HTML/CSS only popups: why add JS if closing button is not commiting?

README.md, after:

# HTML-CSS-JS-snippets
### *actual-potential* - 2 option lists: one of choosen options - actual, another - to choose from - potential. 
### *css-popup* - how to show and hide popup using only HTML&CSS. [Idea from https://codepen.io/imprakash/pen/GgNMXO]
### *details* - hamburger menu using <details> tag (modified code of Jason Zimdars in comments to [Three CSS Alternatives to JavaScript Navigation](https://css-tricks.com/three-css-alternatives-to-javascript-navigation/)
### *dynamic-list* - programmatically filled list with per-row buttons removing those rows. 
#### Possible applicaton - TODO-list, shooping list etc.
### *grab-rest* - how to make one of elements in the row to take all width remained in it
#### Possible application - label and/or button of fixed width and text input on the rest of the line
### *hlit-elem* - how to extract actual style value and change it programmatically on click
#### Possible application - single-click/tap highlight
### *lib* - an attempt to create microlibrary delivering via jsdelivr
#### I could not find how frequently jsdelivr refreshes...
### *open-close* - a tree-like structure with collapsible branches
#### A lot of application, e.g. hiding/showing part of text, hierarhical menus and controls
### *select-with-color-swatch* - similar to open-close, but behaving like \<select\>. Has color swatches in each option.
#### I need something like this in timelogger
### *select-with-groups* - programmatically filled select with option groups and code extracting option properties on option selection
#### Possible application - a self-contained list with additional information (data snapshot together with UI displaying this data).
### *speechSynthesis-how-many-instances* - Does iframe have separate instance of speechSynthesis? My check shows that yes.
#### You cannot compare 2 instances with a piece of code, but if you know that page instance has non-null onvoiceschanged member, you can check if this holds for iframe instance. It doesn't - so iframe has separate speechSynthesis instance. **Checked with Firefox, Edge and Chrome**
#### Possible application: suppose you have 2 utterances:  "A" - rather long one and "B" - a short one (selected by user while speaking A). You need to pause A, speak B and then resume A. It is impossible with one speechSynthesis instance because *speaking* and *paused* are speechSynthesis' rather than utterance's properties.
